why can't I remember what happened that
night you lost your mother in the fire
maybe it's not such a bad thing to
forget go home you'll figure it out I
assume you saw dad's new girlfriend I am
so glad to have you back
that works out so you can stay and I'm
sorry I meant to tell you about Rachel's
when did she move in a month ago she's
helping him cope three times a night
listen Anna I know that you're supposed
to hate dad's new girlfriend but I'm
really hoping that we can make this work
[Music]
Alex something happened yeah I had a
dream
there are children I think they were to
turn one your daughter got an inner mind
somehow that your fiancee have killed
the family she worked for look at this
we need to find out who Rachel summers
really is I want you to think about
whether or not you are ready to be part
of this family
[Music]
next I thought that I was dreaming but I
wasn't look
[Music]
pretty little mana
you